(uptempo jazz music plays)
♪ ♪
MAN: The Justice Department
announced charges today
against Jonathan Cleary,
a reporter for the Post.
Cleary is accused of publishing
classified information
about the investigation into
jailed State department
official Virginia Sutter.
Sutter is one of the more than
200 individuals
detained in a probe surrounding
the attack on President Keane
nine days before
her inauguration.
Eggs are hot.
MAGGIE: You don't have
to do this every day.
-No, I like to.
-Hmm.
What else would she do?
It's not like she has a job.
Jos.
She was fired by a regime
that jails free thinkers.
-There's turkey bacon.
-Like Stalin.
-Okay.
-I didn't start it.
Her school's taking them on
another Free the 200 March.
Hey, you should come.
-(laughs)
-Why not?
What do you think's gonna happen
when I tell
the Treasury Secretary
I'm ditching work so I can
go to anti-administration march?
Maybe he'll respect you
for giving a crap about
the Constitution.
Like you have a backbone.
-Josie.
-Don't say that.
Can I get through breakfast
before we start in
on how I'm
a silent accomplice?
We should've stayed in Rome.
Teo says he's embarrassed
to tell people
he has
an American girlfriend.
Teo should get
an Italian girl his own age.
Frannycake,
you ready to rumble?
-Yep.
-Let's do it.
Here we go.
-(door closes)
-Bup bup bup.
Hands.
-Have fun today, yes?
-Yes.
Love you. Mwah.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
Bye. Okay, let's go!
At least she hates him
more than she hates me.
(scoffs) It would help
if you stopped calling Keane
a fascist.
She is a fascist.
Saul Berenson
is still in jail.
Yeah. It's bad. I know.
-We're all upset, but...
-What?
Bill's being treated like
a scab at work.
It would be nice for him
to come home and get a break.
Well, wasn't he hired
to do the work
of a bunch of guys from Treasury
who are also behind bars?
Look, he doesn't like
the president
any more than you do,
but a-a crisis happened.
And he stepped up.
God bless.
Yeah, he did.
Some daughters would be proud.
Well, some moms would
be excited
their 16-year-old was
politically engaged.
Yeah? What else do you wanna
tell me about being a mom?
Okay.
(sighs)
I didn't mean it that way.
I have an interview today.
I'm trying to get out
of your hair.
Really?
At Brookings.
That's great.
I-I mean, there's no rush,
but I...
I just think you'll
feel better...
No, I know. I know.
(sighs)
You cooked.
I'll clean up.
-You sure?
-Yeah. Go.
(water running)
♪ ♪
Ow. Shit.
(gavel bangs)
MAN: Members of the court,
the president
of the United States.
Please sit.
JUDGE RANDOLPH:
General McClendon,
you will take your seat.
Yes, sir.
Madam President.
I know you'll find this hard
to believe, Mr. McClendon,
but this isn't about you
anymore.
The trial is over,
your guilt
now a matter of record.
Thanks to Judge Randolph
and the members of this panel,
justice has been served.
No, I am not here
because of you.
I am here on behalf
of the country
you swore to protect
every time you put on
that uniform.
I am here on behalf
of the six families
sitting in this courtroom,
all of whom lost loved ones
to the hail of bullets and bombs
you unleashed on
the streets of New York.
Murder, conspiracy to
commit murder,
sedition.
We execute people for that
in this country,
Mr. McClendon,
and if that sounds harsh,
so be it.
Because what was under attack
that day wasn't just me
or the office
of the Presidency,
but our very democracy itself.
(door closes)
Well, I'm not sure if
going after him directly
was the best move.
He openly challenged me.
What was I supposed to do?
Well, you might've stuck
to the script.
KEANE:
I had to respond.
WELLINGTON: Senator Paley
was on CNB this morning,
calling your leadership style
thuggish and authoritarian.
No one's doubting
how tough you are.
Good.
Which makes it exactly
the right time
to throttle back a little,
take your foot off the gas.
Not yet.
-Elizabeth...
-I said not yet.
-Can I give you a quick brief?
-Sure.
Paley's Committee is
about to issue
its first round of subpoenas
to senior White House staff,
-including myself.
-I know that, David.
There's talk of
a Special Prosecutor.
I know that, too. How is it
they tried to assassinate me,
and I am the one
under investigation?
Because we locked up
over 200 of their best friends
-and neighbors.
-Yeah, for damn good reasons.
Kept them for nearly
two months.
Some would say
denied their civil rights.
That was the other reason--
send a message.
"Don't fuck with us
ever again."
Yeah, well, I think
they got that loud and clear.
Well, we'll see. Won't we?
When the jury comes back
with the appropriate sentence.
They will.
They better.
(police radio chatter)
(horn honks,
man shouts indistinctly)
Well?
They still got someone
stuck in one of the cars.
It's gonna be a couple hours
at least
before they open the road.
-A couple of hours?
-Yep.
-You hear that, Brett?
-BRETT: Yeah, I heard.
-What the hell do we do now?
-Well, it's already 12:30.
Well, we're not canceling
the broadcast.
I don't see we have much
of a choice.
"Six days a week,
come rain or shine,
hell or high water,"
that was my promise.
-I won't let the people down.
-They'll understand.
We've been on the run
almost two months.
We haven't canceled one yet.
I saw some private homes
back there.
We could start
by knocking on doors.
Wallace?
Not a lot of people up here
this time of year,
Mr. O'Keefe.
Well, how 'bout we just do it
on your iPhone?
Okay, even if I had
a decent signal,
which I don't, I can't guarantee
the security of the connection.
Do you wanna try being
reasonable
just to, you know,
see how that feels?
-Okay, cancel the broadcast.
-Thank you.
And then call the Feds.
I'm turning myself in.
You can say how unimportant
one broadcast is,
but the truth is, it could be
my last broadcast.
We've got the president of
the United States on the ropes.
God help us all if we don't
finish her off now.
There is a town.
Buckminster.
One valley over.
-How far?
-20 minutes.
Well, now we're talkin'.
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
-Uh, just the bag.
-Sure.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
(indistinct conversations)
♪ ♪
We can't do this today.
We don't have time.
-Five minutes. Less.
-Your insight was invaluable.
The Senator said so himself.
This is about the guy
who gave me the...
Stop with the guy.
We leaked what we could.
It's not enough anymore.
Janet, come on. Give me
two minutes with him.
I don't know how many times
you want me to say it.
Deep background
is not gonna cut it.
I'm aware.
That's why I'm here.
My source has agreed
to go on the record.
You said that was never
gonna happen.
Well, you made it clear
it has to.
Over a month ago, yeah.
The Committee's moved on,
Ms. Mathison.
I'm not gonna reopen
this line of inquiry
unless you're absolutely sure
this implicates
David Wellington.
I'm sure.
If you can guarantee
closed session testimony
and identity protection,
he'll talk.
Senator, I'm sorry. We're
completely in the dark here.
We don't know one damn thing
about this person.
Do you know what happens to him
if his identity is leaked?
Or me? This administration
jails federal employees.
So he's a federal employee?
You have to give us something.
You told us on
three separate occasions
you were going to produce
hard evidence.
You never delivered.
He's a colleague.
Okay? FBI.
We worked counterterrorism
together in Afghanistan.
Now he's on the team
interrogating the suspects
detained in the second wave
of arrests.
I know for a fact
that he has personally
interviewed 43 of them
and is working his way through
the dossiers of all 200.
So far, there's nothing,
nothing that connects
a single one of them to
the assassination attempt.
Okay. Closed session testimony,
identity protection,
we can do that.
There's, uh,
there's one more thing.
He's asking for a face-to-face.
You, me, and him, 6:00 tonight.
-Where?
-The Hay-Adams.
I'll text you a room number
on this phone
as soon as I have one.
Is the spy shit
really necessary?
I'm bringing you a federal agent
to testify about
some of the most expansive
civil rights abuses
in the history of our nation.
Is it really that hard
to use a burner?
You're all we've got
on Wellington.
This source of yours
turns out to be some putz
overheard a rumor
at the urinal...
He's not.
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
(The Wood Brothers'
"Honey Jar" plays)
♪ Standin' on the back of that
train with your open arms ♪
♪ Looking at the big sky,
listening to the smoke alarm ♪
♪ You wonder what happened ♪
♪ Well, your heart
must have jumped a track ♪
♪ You put your lips out
in the wind and you hope... ♪
I think we have a winner.
(engine idling)
(door bells jingle)
Hello?
MAN:
Can I help you?
Sorry. Caught me in
the middle of my lunch.
-Are you Jerome?
-Junior. Jerome's my dad.
I don't have a lot
of time, Junior.
Mind if I ask you
a few questions?
Not at all. You interested in
a mattress or a recliner?
-Shit.
-Do you want me here?
-No. Go right there. Yeah.
-How we doin'?
We got less than two minutes.
Jesus.
I'm sweatin' like a pig.
Here.
-(compact clatters)
-Go easy.
Yesterday you made yourself
look like a corpse.
All right. Ready?
Yeah.
(train whistle
blows in distance)
(coughs) Ooh, aah.
Shit.
What is it?
(mumbles indistinctly,
grunts)
Okay. And...
we are on in...
three, two, one...
Wow! (sighs)
That was cuttin' it close.
I didn't think
we were actually gonna
make it to camera there
for a minute.
Praise the Lord.
This is Brett O'Keefe.
Welcome to day 52
of the Resistance.
You know, you learn a lot
over the years
running a major media
organization.
And the one thing that
I've learned
is when the government
pushes back on something
and pushes back hard,
a lot of times
it's because you're hittin'
too close to home.
No coincidence, then,
the warrant for my arrest
came the day after
I broke the news here
on Real.Truth that
the attempt on
the president's life was a hoax,
an inside job staged
to boost her approval ratings
and justify a tyrannical purge
of her enemies.
Just this mornin',
my sources tell me,
she was at
the Washington Navy Yard
in a rage,
calling for
General Jamie McClendon
to be put up against a wall
and shot!
I'm not kidding.
Bring back the firing squad!
Now, to those who would try
and excuse this behavior
or blame it on hormones,
I say this--
yes, it's true,
Elizabeth Keane's in menopause.
I've seen the medical records.
But this isn't about
hot flashes, my friends.
This is
a ruthless political machine
hell-bent on stealin'
the country
right out from under our noses.
♪ ♪
(classical music playing)
Just one night?
Yep. My company's
putting me up here.
I can't believe they picked
a place this nice.
Oh, good. It'll be kind of
like a mini vacation.
Right? Is there a spa?
Uh, there is.
You should treat yourself
to a massage.
You know what? I think
that's an excellent idea.
Jack, can you show
Ms. Mathison to room 509?
Of course.
Thank you.
(indistinct conversations)
Wow. Can't remember
the last time
I had a king-sized bed
to myself.
-Um, you can just
put it on the bed.
-All right.
Uh...
-Thank you.
-Oh. Thank you.
♪ ♪
(purse thuds)
(unzipping)
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
Checking in.
Uh, Lisa Salter.
-S-A-L.
-Let's see.
(typing)
Yes, Mrs. Salter.
We have you in a suite,
and that's just for tonight.
Uh, my husband's
coming in later.
Can you leave an extra key
here for him?
Of course.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
(door creaks)
(indistinct conversations)
WOMAN: Hi.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
I'm sorry.
I know it's not the outcome
we were hoping for.
But on the plus side,
McClendon has been
dishonorably discharged,
stripped of his rank,
and will spend the rest of
his life in prison on lockdown.
-Don't sugarcoat it.
-I'm not.
A panel of eight generals
and four admirals
deemed that his actions
did not rise
to the level
of a capital offense.
You don't think that's a problem
for us going forward?
I don't think it was
the entire panel.
All it takes is one juror.
The vote for death
has to be unanimous.
One juror? They deliberated for
less than half a day, David.
The vote wasn't even close.
In fact, it comes
damn near condoning
another attempt on my life.
Well, now you're being
paranoid.
You said
you were handling this.
I did what I could.
But the last time the military
executed one of its own
-was in 1961.
-The last time they tried
to overthrow the government
was never.
(sighs)
You're gonna have to put this
behind you, Elizabeth.
-Move on.
-Madam President.
Excuse me?
In this room,
it's Madam President,
not Elizabeth.
Get in the habit.
You slipped the other day
in front of Counsel.
Madam President.
And the last thing
I need right now
is some trite lecture about
the past being the past
and moving on.
I didn't bring you back
from political exile
to be my girlfriend.
Now fix it.
-Fix it?
-Yeah.
I can't.
Then I'll find somebody who can.
Thanks.
(door opens, closes)
♪ ♪
(bottle clatters)
(indistinct conversations)
♪ ♪
Here's something
off 4chan/pol --
"America, land of the free
and home of the brave--
"literally a place where
no one bats an eye
"when the president does
whatever the fuck she wants,
but at least fast food
is cheap."
(chuckles)
I like that.
I might use that.
It sounds a lot like the guy
we got all that
good Bureau stuff from.
Sharon?
Yeah.
What do you think?
I think...
I can't do this anymore.
(sighs)
Look, I know you're mad.
I went there again
-when I said I wouldn't.
-It's not that.
The word "menopause" never
crosses my lips again,
-swear to God.
-Brett, I'm exhausted.
I'm done.
And I wanna go home.
Hey. Hey,
what's the matter?
You know what's the matter.
I haven't slept in the same bed
in over a month.
That's what's the matter.
Last night wasn't even a bed.
That wasn't even a couch.
Seriously,
put a gun to my head,
I couldn't tell you what state
we're in right now.
My clothes are filthy,
my hair is a mess,
and I miss my cat.
-Aw, baby.
-No, no, no, Brett, don't.
It's not gonna work this time.
(car doors opening, closing)
♪ ♪
Jesus. Get the laptop.
Come on.
(footsteps depart)
♪ ♪
Give it to me.
(bag thuds)
Yeah.
♪ ♪
(police radio chatter)
Gah! Shit.
Okay, boys. You got me.
Congratulations.
Our country now's officially
in the shitter.
Easy. Easy, Mr. O'Keefe.
You're not under arrest.
-What?
-We're not arresting you.
-You're not?
-No, sir.
Look, there's federal marshals
on their way here from Oroville.
We gotta get you
outta here, fast.
You can put
your hands down now.
(laughs)
Well, that's just...
I don't even know what to say.
I'm at a loss for words.
-Thank you.
-Don't thank us yet.
-We need to get a move on.
-Oh, lead the way.
Hey, what are you doin'?
I'm not going. I told you.
Are you kiddin'?
You heard the man.
The Feds will be here
any minute.
-I'll take my chances.
-Come on, Sharon.
You know I can't
do this alone.
I'll call Andy or Joel
when I get back to New York.
Or Barclay. I heard from her
a couple days ago.
Not one of them has ever
made me laugh.
Come on, Shar.
It's not that I can't
do this alone.
It's that I can't do this
without you.
Please, don't break up
the band, not like this.
Not without an actual
conversation.
Couple days.
That's all I'm askin'.
Please.
(police radio chatter)
(indistinct conversations)
(piano playing
classical music)
I have a reservation.
WOMAN: Okay, great.
That would be helpful.
-MAN: Yes, sir?
-Mrs. Salter left a key for me.
Yes. Here you go.
Thank you very much.
The elevators?
Other side of the stairs.
♪ ♪
(laughter,
indistinct conversations)
(elevator bell dings,
elevator doors open)
♪ ♪
(indistinct conversations)
Excuse me? Uh, could I talk
to you for a second?
Sure. How can I help you?
I don't... (chuckles)
This is embarrassing, but...
Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm fine. I...
Y-you see the guy who's sitting
in the corner way back there?
The gentleman
in the yellow chair?
Yeah, I-I was coming out of
the ladies room, you know,
in that...
in that little hallway.
Of course.
And he was standing there
with his... just out.
-Exposing himself?
-Yes.
Oh, my goodness. Ryan.
I don't wanna, like,
go to the cops,
but, you know, what if there's
a kid around or something?
No, no, no. Of course.
We'll take care of it.
-I am so sorry.
-Thank you.
MAN:
Talk to you for a second.
♪ ♪
(lock beeps)
I found the stash.
-What the fuck?
-What did you bring?
Nothing.
You said no phone, no wallet,
nothing but the burner
you gave me.
-Badge?
-Everything's in the car,
which is back at the office.
I walked.
What about the burner?
Did you leave it
on your desk at work?
Did you take off your jacket
-to go take a piss?
-I...
(sighs)
Motherfucker!
You have a tail.
Fuck.
(toilet flushes)
We have to go.
We have to go now.
Who?
I don't fucking know who.
(Carrie breathing heavily)
♪ ♪
-Get in.
-What?
I stalled the guy, but only
for a couple minutes.
I have to get you
out of here.
I'm aborting this meeting.
Nobody saw us together.
Nothing happened.
They threw a reporter
in jail today.
They're losing their mind
over these leaks.
They weren't looking for
some idiot from Politico.
They were looking for you.
Get in the car.
(elevator bell dinging)
(ding)
(car door opens)
-Hello?
-JANET: Hello?
Hey, it's me. I need to change
the venue for tonight.
-Is he still there?
-Yeah. Is something wrong?
No, no. All good.
I just found a better spot.
Uh, I'll text you with
the address in a few minutes.
Okay.
I'll let the Senator know.
(buzzer in distance,
indistinct announcement over PA)
(buzzer, door opens)
Thank you.
(lock clicks)
Mr. Berenson.
I-I don't believe we've met.
But, full disclosure,
the president doesn't know
I'm here tonight.
Between us,
she's feeling a little...
friendless these days
and vulnerable.
Tell her to get over it.
She will.
Job is to put
the country first.
Well, not first. First, she has
to clear a path to power.
Otherwise, she's Jimmy Carter.
Mm.
She keeps this up,
undermining the rule of law,
debasing her
democratic institutions,
she won't last as long
as Jimmy Carter.
Agreed.
That's where you come in.
She needs an ally.
A show of faith and forgiveness
on your part, well, it...
could really help
turn things around.
I'm a little indisposed
at the moment.
Blame that on me,
not the president.
It was my mistake.
Obviously, you weren't part
of the plot against her.
-Yet here I am.
-Not for long, I hope.
Now, you said,
"Put the country first."
I'm offering you an opportunity
to do just that.
-Job, you mean?
-Yes.
Of course, I'd have to run it
by the boss, but...
how does National Security
Advisor sound?
Surprised?
I'm in a fucking federal prison.
What do you think?
(whispers):
Yeah, I'm surprised.
And interested?
Depends.
On what?
A lot of things.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Well...
Oval Office privileges,
for starters.
Direct access to the president.
Well, I think I can
live with that.
Can't be just me.
Everybody swept up in
the second wave of arrests
must also be released.
They will be when
the investigation is complete.
-No. Now.
-Impossible.
They're all innocent.
You know that.
The president will never agree.
Then neither can I.
Mr. Berenson...
think what you're turning down.
It's non-negotiable.
-Well...
-(notebook closes)
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I'm sorry she does.
I will not carry water
or make excuses
for a woman who can't rise above
her own vindictiveness.
(knock)
(buzzer, door opens)
♪ ♪
(door closes)
(engine turns off)
(sighs)
You're a total lifesaver.
Thanks so much for doing this.
Is that a wig?
Uh, I'll explain at home.
Um, where'd you tell your mom
you were going?
Oh, she's out. They're seeing
something at the Woolly Mammoth.
Who's with Franny?
Jason.
Who the hell is Jason?
He's a guy.
Yeah, no, I got that.
No, and-and Franny was asleep.
And she liked him anyway
so if she wakes up,
she won't freak out.
(sighs)
All right. Keys, please.
-Yeah. Here you go.
-Thank you.
I'll be home soon. If your
parents get back before I do...
I won't tell them anything.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's... it's just...
(sighs)
Go. Go.
(door closes, engine starts)
(keys jangle)
♪ ♪
(car chirps)
I thought you were gonna
let me out
down the street from the hotel.
I had to make sure they
didn't have a car on us.
For an hour?
(lock turns)
Who's Margaret Mathison, MD?
My sister.
(switch clicks)
You want a water?
I think there's
-a mini fridge here somewhere.
-Yeah, whatever you got.
You okay?
Apart from the concussion, yeah.
-(sighs heavily)
-(fridge door opens, closes)
Here.
I can't believe
I fell for that twice.
Kabul? Trunk of your car?
You still drive like a maniac.
Thanks.
Feels like about
a hundred years ago.
Yeah.
Hey, I was really sorry
to hear what went down.
I can't believe they laid
that clusterfuck at your feet.
Worst bit is, he slipped
the net. Abu Rami did.
And once I get back
in counterterrorism,
I know a guy in Kandahar
can help me track him down.
So what's this all about?
Why am I here?
(inhales deeply)
Let's sit.
We're not getting anywhere.
The investigation's
at a dead end.
Senator Paley really needs
to talk to you.
-No, please, please. Just...
-How many times you gotta hear
the same thing?
I'm not going on the record.
Let's cross that bridge
when we get to it.
No. There's no bridge
that goes there.
Even if I get you
closed session,
-guaranteed identity protection?
-You're not hearing.
Would be the end of my career.
You don't have a career.
Excuse me?
I'm sorry. You don't.
It's been four years
since Kabul.
Civilians died,
an ambassador was recalled.
That stain is not
coming off you. Not ever.
You don't know that.
Have you had a promotion since?
Or even a commendation?
Listen to me.
Four years ago,
a guy stormed into my station,
demanded two humvees
and a sat phone,
and 48 hours later,
located number three
-on our Most Wanted List.
-Don't...
-No, I'm serious.
-That wasn't your team.
-That was you.
-Fuck you.
This the part where you
tell me I'm still that guy?
You are. Why else would you
come to me with this?
Yeah, believe me,
I'm asking myself
-the same question right now.
-Well, you care is why.
You can't stand this shit
any more than I can.
Look, I know you thought
fighting terrorists was
the most important work you'd
ever do in your life, but...
(sighs)
What if this is?
(knock on door)
(sighs)
-Who is that?
-Shit.
Who is it?
It's Senator Paley.
-Are you fucking kidding me?
-(knock on door)
H-Hang on one minute.
You just asked me
to think about it.
And if you're not ready,
I will tell him to leave.
PALEY:
Mathison, open the door.
Um, you're a little bit early.
If you could just...
-Is this him?
-What did she tell you?
Nothing. I did not tell
him anything.
She told me you're ready
to testify.
Please. Please, stop talking.
(scoffs)
What's going on here?
She's a liar,
is what's going on.
If you sit down for one minute,
this will be
-a totally confidential meeting.
-Back the fuck away from me.
(sighs deeply)
Look, it would be really great
if you could just step outside
for five minutes.
Nobody's testifying.
I don't know what kind
of bullshit she fed you,
but she's out of her mind.
You never saw me,
you never met me,
you bet your fucking life
you're not getting
a single word out of me.
Please. Please, don't do this.
You can trust him.
-Dante, please...
-Do not say my name again.
I'm sorry. I-I'm so sorry.
But please don't go.
-Get out of my way.
-You don't have to say anything.
You just have to listen
to what...
Get the fuck out of my way!
No. No.
-You're not leaving.
-Carrie...
♪ ♪
(door closes)
Jesus Christ.
You can't call me again.
(door opens)
-(door closes)
-(sighs)
♪ ♪
Sorry, sir. President asked for
bug sweeps, home and office.
-All senior staff.
-No, we are not doing this.
-The order came straight from...
-I'll deal with the president.
-She specifically asked...
-Get the fuck out of my house.
Is that order clear?
Walk. Move. Go.
AGENT:
Let's go.
♪ ♪
(door creaks)
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
We left the play halfway through
and came home to find
nobody here but Franny
and some pot dealer
watching MTV together
on the couch.
He's not a pot dealer.
Josie was nowhere to be found.
Fortunately,
the pot dealer was here
to tell us
that she had taken the car
and was driving around
in the middle of the night
because "Aunt Carrie
really needed help."
Now, what kind of help?
We don't know.
Because when she finally
appeared, she clammed up,
apparently, on the advice
of counsel.
MAGGIE: All right,
let's just take a breather.
No, Carrie's here,
and she taught our daughter
how to lie to us.
I wanna know what happened.
I'd rather not talk about it
in front of Josie.
Oh, that's closing the barn door
after the horses already...
Josie, go to your room.
(sighs deeply)
(sighs)
(sighs) I needed to have
a meeting with a source.
I was not able to secure
my initial location,
and so...
...I asked Josie to bring me
the keys to your office.
-That's breaking and entering.
-No, it isn't.
If it isn't a crime,
then why'd you tell my kid
to lie to me about it?
I'm really sorry
about that. I am.
I don't give a shit. Okay?
-What?
-Let me talk to her, okay?
Is my voice gonna upset her?
I-Is the gentle management of
Carrie's emotional state
-really the only priority
in this household?
-Stop. Stop.
I went through some bills
in your room.
What?
You have $38,000
in credit card debt.
(scoffs) Which has what
to do with anything?
On eight different cards,
in a variety of aliases.
You don't have a job.
Please tell me you realize
we've been here before.
Jesus. You know, not every shred
of non-conventional behavior
boils down to an onset
of hypomania.
Really? 'Cause if I didn't
know better, I...
You don't.
I was running an operation,
working with
a United States senator,
-Carrie.
-trying to course correct
a presidency gone off the rails.
Carrie! You're right.
We have a president
who's behaving in ways
that-that are upsetting.
Everyone's confused
and disoriented.
-No, no, no, no.
-Everyone feels paranoid,
and in times like this,
justifiably,
-No. (sighs)
-someone with your kind
-of emotional history...
-No, we are not doing this.
There's a vast government
conspiracy,
and you're the only person who
could bring it to light.
I know, Carrie.
I love you, but you...
No, you will not make this
about my illness.
This is happening.
The country is in free fall,
tearing itself apart,
and-and you're acting like
it's me off my meds.
I'm on my meds.
You think I'm the problem?
You're the one
married to a collaborator.
Yeah. (exhales)
I'm sorry. I don't...
I don't mean to...
(sighs deeply)
Look, I am...
I am taking my meds.
I'm exercising
and sleeping and eating.
Something is going on,
because normal people
don't act like this.
When was the last time
you saw a psychiatrist?
When?
(scoffs)
I don't know.
How's tomorrow sound?
You put my kid in danger
and yours.
Never mind the fact that
throwing darts at my husband
is some kind
of lawn sport for you.
That shit, I've come
to expect. But the kids?
You better hope
it's your illness.
(departing footsteps)
♪ ♪
(footsteps departing)
(door creaks)
(door closes)
♪ ♪
(door creaks and closes)
(exhales deeply)
(cellphone chimes)
♪ ♪
(footsteps on video)
WOMAN (on TV):
General James McClendon
was sentenced today
at the Washington Navy Yard.
The 12-officer military panel
sentenced General McClendon
to life in federal prison.
Reports from inside the trial
suggest President Keane herself
personally advocated for
the death penalty,
but to no avail.
And just minutes ago,
escorted by
U.S. Federal Marshals,
General McClendon arrived
at Hazelton Prison
in West Virginia,
where he will most likely spend
the rest of his life.
Turning to
the financial market...
♪ ♪
(chains rattling)
-(door closes)
-GUARD: Turn around.
Hands.
Jacket.
(pants flap)
WOMAN ON TV:
...18 billion up 3.5%,
narrowly edging the S&P 500.
It will be...
♪ ♪
(sighs)
Arms up.
(door opens)
Arms down.
Bend over.
(thud)
(flashlight clicks)
-(guard) Spread your cheeks.
Stand up.
Open your mouth, please.
(switch clicks)
Turn your head to the left.
Turn your head to the right.
-(flashlight clicks)
-Dress.
(door opens)
(exhales sharply)
(inhales shallowly)
(hands pat legs)
(exhales deeply)
(gasps)
(grunts, exhales)
(sighs)
(exhales sharply)
(gasps)
(grunts)
Aah!
(exhales sharply)
(nails scrape floor)
(gasps)
(grunts)
(gloves snapping)
(McClendon screams)
(McClendon groaning)
(exhales sharply)
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH